Fix development doc (#837)
googleapis/gapic-generator-java: DEVELOPMENT.md

## Running the Plugin

1.  Clone [googleapis](https://github.com/googleapis/googleapis) and
    [gapic-showcase](https://github.com/googleapis/gapic-showcase/).

2.  Copy the protos from Showcase into googleapis/google/showcase.

    ```sh
    mkdir googleapis/google/showcase
    cp -r gapic-showcase/schema/google/showcase/v1beta1 googleapis/google/showcase/v1beta1
    ```

> 3.  Add the new microgenerator rules to the protobuf directory's `BUILD.bazel`

Reviewer: I think it's better to clarify which file needs to be modified.
```suggestion
3.  Add the new microgenerator rules to `googleapis/google/showcase/v1beta/BUILD.bazel`
```

Author: Good idea. Note it's `v1beta1`, not `v1beta`, which is what I'm fixing in this PR too.

Reviewer: Right, sorry, fixed.
